pounds of mocha Java please are you guys
ever gonna go ahead again I don't know
he hasn't called me since that one time
we went out I see him in the hallway we
flirt I'm all Danny Wow thirsty huh
Oh actually actually I'm having a party
at my place on Saturday sort of a
housewarming kind of thing oh I'm really
looking forward to it yeah okay see
I guess we won't be warm in his house
okay all right I see what he's doing
he's not asking me out because he wants
me to ask him out and you're not gonna
do that that's right
was that give him the control so now
he's all Oh coming up with this whole
I've got a party thing you know trying
to get me to hint around for an
invitation
blow up in his face didn't it so so
there is no party
oh no there's a party there's a party
but the power that is still up for grabs
you follow me I think so so he's not
inviting you to his party because he
likes you oh hi Danny
hey guys I just want to do the by you
the party tomorrow night oh thanks I'll
try to stop by yeah actually I think I'm
gonna be busy you are yeah remember I've
got that gala
what's a gala for it's a it's a sub
regatta gala did you say no no but I
support it okay Oh Oh bye see you
tomorrow night okay
walked right into that one didn't he
what one you wanted him to invite you to
the party and he did it he waited until
the last minute so if I said yes he
would know that I had nothing better to
do than wait around for an invitation to
his stupid party
I said no which puts me right back in
the driver's seat
great so the ball is in his court ball
no there's a ball
[Music]
this is never gonna work right there
it's just go over and say hi no I have
to go downstairs come back up as if I'm
coming home from the regatta gala okay
so just go distract him but don't be six
hey Danny hey that's a great party great
food you know most parties if that's all
chips and salsa chips and salsa
what's this salad
what's this bread it's a bunch of
all right
tonight with your party great I'm glad
you could make it
oh yeah well you know the gala had to
end sometime don't go anywhere
you right back yeah sure all right
this courts the ball in now I thought
there wasn't a ball come on he's glad
that I came he doesn't want me to go
anywhere balls flying oh this is my
friend Tom this is the girl I told you
about oh come on you telling people
about me could really hit it off I'm
gonna go mingle
so you work at Bloomingdale's huh my mom
calls it Bloomie's yeah okay at ease
soldier
I'm sorry no it's alright you can just
drop the Act Tommy I know what's going
on here you're Danny's weak man right
you guys are best buds rose
I'm gonna go talk to a friend
yeah you go talk to your friend but tell
him nice try man you know he just keeps
the walking him up and I just keep not
gonna run out of
I think I need a drink yeah